The electric handvac consists of a handvac, a nozzle assembly, a filter assembly, a nozzle body, a nozzle extender, a valve assembly, a brush assembly, a valve housing, a valve, a rocker, a bristles, a canister, a grill filter, a HEPA assembly, filter holder, a filter insert, a drive housing, a intake grill, a handle assembly, a suction assembly, a discharge assembly, a electrical assembly, a handle, a switch, a motor, a impeller, a discharge filter, a discharge grill, a battery, a charging unit, a control unit and a drive assembly
The nozzle assembly consists internal components: a nozzle body, a nozzle extender, a valve assembly and a brush assembly.
The valve assembly consists of internal components: a valve housing and a valve.
The brush assembly consists of internal components: a rocker and the bristles.
The nozzle extender is connected to the nozzle body.
The valve is connected to the valve housing.
The valve housing is connected to the nozzle body.
The bristles are connected to the rocker.
The rocker is connected to the nozzle body.
The filter assembly consists of internal components: a canister, a grill filter and a HEPA assembly.
The HEPA assembly consists of internal components: filter holder and a filter insert.
The filter insert is connected to the filter holder.
The grill filter is connected to the filter holder.
The filter holder is connected to the canister.
The nozzle body is connected to the canister.
The drive assembly consists of internal components: a drive housing, the intake grill, the handle assembly, the suction assembly, the discharge assembly and the electrical assembly.
The handle assembly consists of internal components: the handle and the switch.
The suction assembly consists of  internal components: the motor and the impeller.
The discharge assembly consists of internal components: the discharge filter and the discharge grill.
The electrical assembly consists internal components: the battery, the charging unit and the control unit.
The intake grill is connected to the drive housing.
The switch is connected to the handle.
The impeller is connected to the motor.
The motor is connected to the drive housing.
The impeller is connected to the drive housing.
The discharge filter is connected to the discharge grill.
The discharge grill is connected to the drive housing.
The battery is connected to the drive housing.
The charging unit is connected to the battery.
The control unit is connected to the battery.